Special Week
I'm sure your debut race will work out
fine if you train hard for a week.
"Work out fine"? You should
take this more seriously!
Daiwa Scarlet
Gold Ship
Vodka
Yeah, take this a bit more seriously!
It's time to eat.
Clean up for us.
Hold up!
We're going, too!
Anyway, it'll be nice working with you.
Um…
Were you nervous about your debut match?
Not really.
Silence Suzuka
Y-You weren't, huh?
She's on a completely different level.
The only thing I can do
is run. That's why.
She's so cool!
Um, I totally look up to you.
I'm really happy to be
on the same team as you.
Welcome back.
I'm not late today.
Fuji Kiseki
Your room's been decided,
so I just came to let you know.
Your roommate is…
Hmm?
You already know each other?
Huh?
We're in the same room! It must be fate!
Your things came.
Thank you very much!
Oh, I know.
There.
Hmm?
I'm going to write my mom a letter.
I'm going to tell her it was my first
time running with other horse girls.
Your first time?
And I'm going to tell her I got
to be in the same room as you,
and that I joined a team!
Oh, and that I have a debut race next week.
I see…
I don't know if I deserve
someone as great as you,
but let's be friends!
Sure.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 2
The Debut Race out of Nowhere
All right! Let's race to that tree!
Goal!
One more race?
Guess I have no choice.
It's time to go.
What?! The bird talked!
Please hurry.
Huh?
You'll be late.
What?! Oh no!
Good morning.
Hmm?
Oh.
Good morning, Special Week-san.
Hayakawa Tazuna
Good morning!
Hmm?
Class C
This fill-in-the-blank problem is simple.
Only Class C is allowed to participate
in the Satsuki Shou, Japan Derby, and what?
Only Class C is allowed to participate in the
Satsuki Shou, Japan Derby, and _________.
Seiun Sky-san, please answer.
Seiun Sky
The Kikkashou.
That's correct.
If you dominate these three G-I
races, you're honored as what?
El Condor Pasa-san, please answer.
El Condor Pasa
A Triple Crown Horse Girl!
That's right.
Recently, Mister CB, Symboli Rudolf,
Narita Brian,
and others have proven their absolute
power and accomplished this.
A-A Triple Crown Horse Girl…
Special Week…
Y-Yes?
Air Groove
The Student Council President wants you.
Huh?
Student Council President
I am the student council president,
Symboli Rudolf.
Symboli Rudolf
She's a Triple Crown Horse Girl…
Our school is unique among horse girl
training facilities in that
we have an impeccable and extensive
curriculum designed to cultivate
elegant, superior horse girls.
By applying oneself to their studies…
you will become upright and elegant, and…
What should I do…
I only understand half
of what she's saying.
Special Week…
Y-Yes!
Are you listening?
Yes.
Where are you from?
Hokkaido.
I see.
Your mother is…
Yes.
I promised my current mother that I would
become the best horse girl in Japan.
It seems that you'll already be having
your debut match next week.
Try your best to do well.
Th-Thanks.
Could you tell me how your debut race went?
I had them under my thumb.
I guess that means she won?
You have a long future ahead of you.
You should take a look at
the facilities we have here.
Teio, don't hide back there. Come out.
Hi!
Special Week, this is Tokai Teio.
N-Nice to meet you.
Teio, show her the school.
Tokai Teio
I'll do anything you say, Prez!
Transfer Student, let's go!
R-Right!
Hold on, Special Week.
Do you understand what this means?
U-Uh…
Eclip…
It's the school motto.
School motto?
Sorry, I don't understand.
I see.
That's fine.
Go take a look.
Sure.
U-Um, President…
What is it?
Thank you for everything.
"Eclipse first, the rest nowhere."
I'm sure there will come a time when
she understands what this means.
Library
This is the library!
Tracen Academy excels on
the track and in academics!
There are so many books!
Come over here!
Could you guys be quiet?
Mejiro McQueen
Sorry!
This is the pool!
It's my first time seeing a pool!
Are there fish swimming…
No.
Yo!
I could even beat fish
in short distance races!
Taiki Shuttle
Feels so good!
I'll show you around outside next!
Darn it! I lost again!
Hishi Amazon
Narita Brian
Why?! Come on!
What's that about?
I'm sure she feels bad she lost.
I'm going to win next time!
She's letting out her feelings there.
Next time!
Oh, yeah.
Are you trying to become
a Triple Crown Horse Girl?
Well, I don't have any
specific races in mind.
You have no specific goals?
I guess.
So, what did you think of the President?
Symboli Rudolf-san?
The president runs really fast!
She's really cool!
She's the best!
You love the President, huh, Teio-san?
Yeah!
I want to be like the President.
She's called the Emperor.
It's my dream to be like her.
It's my goal.
She knows exactly what she wants.
My goal is…
All right!
I have my debut race!
I have to work hard during
my first training session!
Next. Right hand, blue.
That's great, Special Week!
What's up with this training?
I want to do this, too! Okay?!
There's no point to this, is there?
There is!
Then explain it!
Special Week.
Y-Yes?!
Your debut race is different from
the team test you had yesterday.
You should think of races as martial arts.
Your opponents will come and bump you.
You'll have to strengthen your core muscles,
so you don't lose your balance.
Yeah, but how will this game help?
El, focus!
This is embarrassing!
Mom, I'm working hard for my debut race!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Good morning, Spe-chan!
You'll be Bracket 8, Number 14
for your debut race!
Special Week Queen-Berry Soft Seikou
Kuuruma Kaberune Stella Hunt Kizunawan
Clockwise…
One thousand, six hundred meters…
Turf, huh?
Wow, wow, wow!
That's so great!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Suzuka, do you have a moment?
Yes?
I'd like you to do something
for Special Week.
She's a bit unique, it seems.
I want you to look after
her here in the dorms.
Unique?
She hadn't ever met another
horse girl before now.
Huh? But her mom would…
I don't know the details myself, either.
I just know she was raised in the countryside
without any other kids her age
or any other horse girls around.
She couldn't really make friends, it seems.
On top of that, she has
her debut race tomorrow.
She might seem cheerful, but I'm sure some
things are hard for her to say, as well.
Could you stay by her side,
since you're her roommate?
Sure.
Mom
Her letter…
You start here,
Start
go around the corner,
and finish here.
R-Right.
So what should Spe-senpai's plan be?
She should make a dash
from the start, obviously.
She should force herself
into the inside corner.
Nope! No plans at all!
What?!
No plans?!
Debut Race
Start
Goal
The plan is no plan?
Yeah, that's it…
Debut Race
Start
Special Week.
Don't think of trying to
come up with a strategy.
Run the way you want.
The way I want…
It can be at the start or the finish,
or whenever you want…
You can start your sprint whenever you
feel it's the right time for you.
Debut Race
Start
Pass the horse girl in the lead.
I wonder if I'll know the right time.
Part of it is experience,
and part of it is gut instinct.
You'll just have to give it a shot.
Could you stay by her side,
since you're her roommate?
Are you worried about something?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't sigh.
Special Week-san…
Yes?
When you joined our team,
you said you wanted to be the
best horse girl in Japan, right?
Oh, yeah.
Why the best in Japan?
Because that's what I promised my mom.
Your mom…
Suzuka-san, I have two mothers.
One of them is the mom
that gave birth to me.
She died giving birth to me.
Please make her…
Make her a wonderful horse girl…
Those were her dying words.
My second mother wanted to be
faithful to those dying words.
She tried her best to raise me.
You can do it!
She did whatever she could to help me.
Come on! You can go faster!
When it was even raining, windy, or snowing,
she'd help me train in the countryside,
even with no proper facilities.
Take that! Take that!
What was that training for?
Um…
I don't know.
If she helped raise me to
be Japan's best horse girl,
then my mom that raised me will have
kept her promise to my mom that died.
She even brought a sign when she saw
me off at the train station.
Become the Best in Japan, Special Week
That's so embarrassing…
That's why I want to be the best in Japan.
I have to make it up to both my moms!
It's nice that you have two moms.
Yeah!
Sunday Pillow, who was supposed to run
in today's main race, has withdrawn.
That's right.
It's time to watch Spe's debut race.
It's unfair that she's going before me.
I forgot to tell her how to
show herself on the paddock.
Next, we have Bracket 8, Number 14,
Special Week.
She's pretty stiff out there.
Well, I guess it's her debut race.
It makes sense that she'd be nervous.
She's moving her arms and feet together!
She's way too nervous.
Oh, I forgot to give her the bib.
That's an issue.
Come on, now.
Suzuka…
Hmm?
Could you take this to Special Week?
Okay.
Suzuka-san, why are you here?
I brought this.
There you are.
Thank you very much.
You're nervous, huh?
It's my first time being
in front of so many people.
It's all about thinking whether
the pressure is scary or fun.
Huh?
It's your first step toward the goal
you set with both of your mothers.
It'd be a shame if you were just scared.
You have to have fun,
Spe…
Spe-chan!
Suzuka-san…
You're right!
That girl looks kind of good!
Who's #14, again?
You can do it, Special Week!
Hey…
She's acting completely
different than she was before.
It'd be a shame if I was just scared.
I have to have fun.
All right!
What's "all right"?
I'll crush you!
What?!
They've all taken off together.
Actually, they're off of
the line a bit broken up.
Number 9, Sara Poole, and Number 4,
Victory Wild, are fighting for first!
And Number 2, Last Century,
is coming up from the inside!
Oh! Number 14, Special Week, who was
late off the line, is in fifth!
Spe-senpai is heading up
the front of the pack.
Don't think about anything.
You're not experienced enough
to think about strategy.
Here I come!
Queen-Berry is testing the waters.
Is she going to come fighting?
Out of the way!
She's running strong.
She's got a lot of power.
She hasn't lost a single match
at arm wrestling, supposedly.
They've passed the third corner.
There's 600 meters left.
Darn.
She's doing good.
Her mom's training helped.
Her mom?
They're making the fourth turn.
There's 400 meters left.
Queen-Berry has made her move!
She's jumped into first!
This is it.
Yep, that's it.
No way!
I can do this!
Wh-What?
I'm going to win!
I can't lose now!
This can't be!
Special Week!
Yeah!
Special Week has won!
She's won her debut race!
Has a new star been born?
Mom, I've done it!
She's good.
Hey! Give me my debut race, too!
I'm first, right?!
I know, I know.
Let's keep this up and
have Team Spica take over!
Yeah!
Looks like you're having fun.
That girl at the end's a diamond
in the rough, you know?
Hana-san, you can't pick 'em.
All she did is win her debut race.
You want to bet on whether she remains
in the rough, or becomes a diamond?
Ridiculous.
Above all, make sure you
hold Silence Suzuka's reins tight.
Now it's time for the Winning Concert,
where only the winners gets to stand.
That's right.
Horse Girls in 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, come
this way. (Winning Concert Green Room)
it'll be Special Week's
first performance on stage.
Winning Concert…
Oh, crap.
We didn't practice how to handle
the Winning Stage at all.
Huh?
Come on, now.
Oh no.
She's funny!
Mom, I didn't practice dancing at all…
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org